Update update-payment.md (#6323)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business-video/update-payment.md

You can easily update the payment method for your Microsoft 365 Business subscription. You can change details such as the credit card used, the name, or the address.

## Before you begin

> You must be a Global or Billing admin to do the tasks in this article. For more information, see [About admin roles](../../admin/add-users/about-admin-roles.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must be a Global or Billing admin to do the tasks in this article. For more information, see [About admin roles](/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/about-admin-roles).
```
